# physics

Estás en el nodo 8 de 161 [5%]

## Índice de physics

- Estructura de la documentación:
   - 8.1.0. physics » Classes » BoundedFrictionSimulation @5296
   - 8.1.1. physics » Classes » ClampedSimulation @5297
   - 8.1.2. physics » Classes » FrictionSimulation @5298
   - 8.1.3. physics » Classes » GravitySimulation @5299
   - 8.1.4. physics » Classes » ScrollSpringSimulation @5300
   - 8.1.5. physics » Classes » Simulation @5301
   - 8.1.6. physics » Classes » SpringDescription @5302
   - 8.1.7. physics » Classes » SpringSimulation @5303
   - 8.1.8. physics » Classes » Tolerance @5304
   - 8.2.0. physics » Enums » SpringType @5305
   - 8.3.0. physics » Functions » nearEqual(double? a, double? b, double epsilon) → bool @5306
   - 8.3.1. physics » Functions » nearZero(double a, double epsilon) → bool @5307
### 8.1.0. physics » Classes » BoundedFrictionSimulation @5296

> A FrictionSimulation that clamps the modeled particle to a specific range of values.

### 8.1.1. physics » Classes » ClampedSimulation @5297

> A simulation that applies limits to another simulation.

### 8.1.2. physics » Classes » FrictionSimulation @5298

> A simulation that applies a drag to slow a particle down.

### 8.1.3. physics » Classes » GravitySimulation @5299

> A simulation that applies a constant accelerating force.

### 8.1.4. physics » Classes » ScrollSpringSimulation @5300

> A SpringSimulation where the value of x is guaranteed to have exactly the end value when the simulation isDone.

### 8.1.5. physics » Classes » Simulation @5301

> The base class for all simulations.

### 8.1.6. physics » Classes » SpringDescription @5302

> Structure that describes a spring's constants.

### 8.1.7. physics » Classes » SpringSimulation @5303

> A spring simulation.

### 8.1.8. physics » Classes » Tolerance @5304

> Structure that specifies maximum allowable magnitudes for distances, durations, and velocity differences to be considered equal.

### 8.2.0. physics » Enums » SpringType @5305

> The kind of spring solution that the SpringSimulation is using to simulate the spring.

### 8.3.0. physics » Functions » nearEqual(double? a, double? b, double epsilon) → bool @5306

> Whether two doubles are within a given distance of each other.

### 8.3.1. physics » Functions » nearZero(double a, double epsilon) → bool @5307

> Whether a double is within a given distance of zero.

