# meta

Estás en el nodo 122 de 161 [76%]

## Índice de meta

- Estructura de la documentación:
   - 122.1.0. meta » Classes » Immutable @9096
   - 122.1.1. meta » Classes » RecordUse @9097
   - 122.1.2. meta » Classes » Required @9098
   - 122.1.3. meta » Classes » UseResult @9099
   - 122.2.0. meta » Constants » alwaysThrows → const _AlwaysThrows @9100
   - 122.2.1. meta » Constants » awaitNotRequired → const _AwaitNotRequired @9101
   - 122.2.2. meta » Constants » checked → const _Checked @9102
   - 122.2.3. meta » Constants » doNotStore → const _DoNotStore @9103
   - 122.2.4. meta » Constants » doNotSubmit → const _DoNotSubmit @9104
   - 122.2.5. meta » Constants » experimental → const _Experimental @9105
   - 122.2.6. meta » Constants » factory → const _Factory @9106
   - 122.2.7. meta » Constants » immutable → const Immutable @9107
   - 122.2.8. meta » Constants » internal → const _Internal @9108
   - 122.2.9. meta » Constants » isTest → const _IsTest @9109
   - 122.2.10. meta » Constants » isTestGroup → const _IsTestGroup @9110
   - 122.2.11. meta » Constants » literal → const _Literal @9111
   - 122.2.12. meta » Constants » mustBeConst → const _MustBeConst @9112
   - 122.2.13. meta » Constants » mustBeOverridden → const _MustBeOverridden @9113
   - 122.2.14. meta » Constants » mustCallSuper → const _MustCallSuper @9114
   - 122.2.15. meta » Constants » nonVirtual → const _NonVirtual @9115
   - 122.2.16. meta » Constants » optionalTypeArgs → const _OptionalTypeArgs @9116
   - 122.2.17. meta » Constants » protected → const _Protected @9117
   - 122.2.18. meta » Constants » redeclare → const _Redeclare @9118
   - 122.2.19. meta » Constants » reopen → const _Reopen @9119
   - 122.2.20. meta » Constants » required → const Required @9120
   - 122.2.21. meta » Constants » sealed → const _Sealed @9121
   - 122.2.22. meta » Constants » useResult → const UseResult @9122
   - 122.2.23. meta » Constants » virtual → const _Virtual @9123
   - 122.2.24. meta » Constants » visibleForOverriding → const _VisibleForOverriding @9124
   - 122.2.25. meta » Constants » visibleForTesting → const _VisibleForTesting @9125
### 122.1.0. meta » Classes » Immutable @9096

> Used to annotate a class.

### 122.1.1. meta » Classes » RecordUse @9097

> Annotates a static method to be recorded.

### 122.1.2. meta » Classes » Required @9098

> Used to annotate a named parameter p in a method or function f.

### 122.1.3. meta » Classes » UseResult @9099

> See useResult for more details.

### 122.2.0. meta » Constants » alwaysThrows → const _AlwaysThrows @9100

> Used to annotate a function f. Indicates that f always throws an exception. Any functions that override f, in class inheritance, are also expected to conform to this contract.

### 122.2.1. meta » Constants » awaitNotRequired → const _AwaitNotRequired @9101

> Used to annotate a Future-returning function (including constructors, getters, methods, and operators), or a Future-typed field (including top-level, instance, and static) f. Indicates that the Future value that f returns does not need to be awaited. Any methods that override f in class inheritance, are also expected to conform to this contract.

### 122.2.2. meta » Constants » checked → const _Checked @9102

> Used to annotate a parameter of an instance method that overrides another method.

### 122.2.3. meta » Constants » doNotStore → const _DoNotStore @9103

> Used to annotate a method, getter, top-level function, or top-level getter to indicate that the value obtained by invoking it should not be stored in a field or top-level variable. The annotation can also be applied to a class to implicitly annotate all of the valid members of the class, or applied to a library to annotate all of the valid members of the library, including classes. If a value returned by an element marked as doNotStore is returned from a function or getter, that function or getter should be similarly annotated.

### 122.2.4. meta » Constants » doNotSubmit → const _DoNotSubmit @9104

> Used to annotate an optional parameter, method, getter or top-level getter or function that is not intended to be accessed in checked-in code, but might be ephemerally used during development or local testing.

### 122.2.5. meta » Constants » experimental → const _Experimental @9105

> Used to annotate a library, or any declaration that is part of the public interface of a library (such as top-level members, class members, and function parameters) to indicate that the annotated API is experimental and may be removed or changed at any-time without updating the version of the containing package, despite the fact that it would otherwise be a breaking change.

### 122.2.6. meta » Constants » factory → const _Factory @9106

> Used to annotate an instance or static method m. Indicates that m must either be abstract or must return a newly allocated object or null. In addition, every method that either implements or overrides m is implicitly annotated with this same annotation.

### 122.2.7. meta » Constants » immutable → const Immutable @9107

> Used to annotate a class C. Indicates that C and all subtypes of C must be immutable.

### 122.2.8. meta » Constants » internal → const _Internal @9108

> Used to annotate a declaration which should only be used from within the package in which it is declared, and which should not be exposed from said package's public API.

### 122.2.9. meta » Constants » isTest → const _IsTest @9109

> Used to annotate a test framework function that runs a single test.

### 122.2.10. meta » Constants » isTestGroup → const _IsTestGroup @9110

> Used to annotate a test framework function that runs a group of tests.

### 122.2.11. meta » Constants » literal → const _Literal @9111

> Used to annotate a const constructor c. Indicates that any invocation of the constructor must use the keyword const unless one or more of the arguments to the constructor is not a compile-time constant.

### 122.2.12. meta » Constants » mustBeConst → const _MustBeConst @9112

> Used to annotate a parameter which should be constant.

### 122.2.13. meta » Constants » mustBeOverridden → const _MustBeOverridden @9113

> Used to annotate an instance member m declared on a class or mixin C. Indicates that every concrete subclass of C must directly override m.

### 122.2.14. meta » Constants » mustCallSuper → const _MustCallSuper @9114

> Used to annotate an instance member (method, getter, setter, operator, or field) m. Indicates that every invocation of a member that overrides m must also invoke m. In addition, every method that overrides m is implicitly annotated with this same annotation.

### 122.2.15. meta » Constants » nonVirtual → const _NonVirtual @9115

> Used to annotate an instance member (method, getter, setter, operator, or field) m in a class C or mixin M. Indicates that m should not be overridden in any classes that extend or mixin C or M.

### 122.2.16. meta » Constants » optionalTypeArgs → const _OptionalTypeArgs @9116

> Used to annotate a class, mixin, extension, function, method, or typedef declaration C. Indicates that any type arguments declared on C are to be treated as optional.

### 122.2.17. meta » Constants » protected → const _Protected @9117

> Used to annotate an instance member in a class or mixin which is meant to be visible only within the declaring library, and to other instance members of the class or mixin, and their subtypes.

### 122.2.18. meta » Constants » redeclare → const _Redeclare @9118

> Used to annotate an instance member of an extension type that redeclares a member from a superinterface.

### 122.2.19. meta » Constants » reopen → const _Reopen @9119

> Annotation for intentionally loosening restrictions on subtyping that would otherwise cause lint warnings to be produced by the implicit_reopen lint.

### 122.2.20. meta » Constants » required → const Required @9120

> Used to annotate a named parameter p in a method or function f. Indicates that every invocation of f must include an argument corresponding to p, despite the fact that p would otherwise be an optional parameter.

### 122.2.21. meta » Constants » sealed → const _Sealed @9121

> Annotation marking a class as not allowed as a super-type outside of the current package.

### 122.2.22. meta » Constants » useResult → const UseResult @9122

> Used to annotate a method, field, or getter within a class, mixin, or extension, or a or top-level getter, variable or function to indicate that the value obtained by invoking it should be used. A value is considered used if it is assigned to a variable, passed to a function, or used as the target of an invocation, or invoked (if the result is itself a function).

### 122.2.23. meta » Constants » virtual → const _Virtual @9123

> Used to annotate a field that is allowed to be overridden in Strong Mode.

### 122.2.24. meta » Constants » visibleForOverriding → const _VisibleForOverriding @9124

> Used to annotate an instance member that was made public so that it could be overridden but that is not intended to be referenced from outside the defining library.

### 122.2.25. meta » Constants » visibleForTesting → const _VisibleForTesting @9125

> Used to annotate a declaration that was made public, so that it is more visible than otherwise necessary, to make code testable.

